v1.0.0 -	Original design based on TA/AV Leviathan prototype.
		Makes use of SubVIs in self-contained libraries. No GUI.

v2.0.0 -	Utilises a single queue system for three elements rather than
		a 3 queues to improve performance. No GUI.

v2.1.0 -	Preliminary GUI built.

v2.2.0 -	Ability to disable PID for approach included.

v2.2.1 -	DC bias as constant and zero piezo V included for use during 
		approach 

v3.0.0 -	GUI modified, test 1 completed and bugs identified. PID off
		feature added where no Piezo signal is applied but const. bias
		is. This leads to channel issues as channel needs to be opened
		and closed convert from dual channel to single channel as well
		as to allow for fixed and continuous DAQmx functions. However,
		all tasks must operate at the same sampling rate. Need to sample
		the cont. data at a lower frequency to improve PID performance
		while retaining the alternative DAQmx data processing methods.

v3.0.1 -	PID now time dependent not sample dependent to remove aq rate
		dependency of the PID gains. Some Aq rate local variables
		removed. Channel controls modified to use fixed values for the
		ramps but continous values for the PID on/off states (PID does
		not need to be sampled at a lower frequency any more).

v3.1.0 -	Channel controls separated and tasks now are created and destroyed
		for the PID/Ramp respectively to avoid reserving DAQmx tasks.
		
v3.1.1 -	Memory leak from histograms was detected and seemed to be due to 
		creating a 3D array to pass into and iterate over in a for loop.
		3rd dimension was size of input array but this was changed to 1
		or 0 depending on if input present. This reduced memory usage.
		I dont think this was a leak so much as a large chunk of memory
		being reserved.

v3.1.2 -	Stall dataflow included to hopefully remove a bug that causes the
		DAQmx write finite samples to have time to fully execute the full
		ramp time.

v3.2.0 -	PID modified to decimate values. Forcing PID to always operate at
		20 kHz with a moving average 200Hz lowpass filter. Ramp modified
		to add to the current value of the piezo at the stable PID
		position to ensure relative movement of the piezo.

v3.2.1 -	PID limited to 5kHz and bandlimiting MA removed to reduce
		computational demand. Saw a 1.64x increase in available aq rate.
		This should boost aq speeds up to approx. 60 kHz from 40 kHz.

v3.3.0 -	Included James mode (legacy leviathan). Activated by dissabling
		the PID and running the ramp as normal. Ramp generalised for
		expansion as required for new ramps vis.

v3.4.0 - 	GUI changed significantly, overall patches made. Debugging probes
		remained. PID output was resetting to zero so this was fixed.
		Some general polish and usability improved.

v3.5.1 -	Addition of Piezo modulation into advanced ramping vi, adding it 
		to the list of posible measurement types. Addition of case structure
		system for selecting between bias and piezo modulation experiments
		fixed bug where #saved files outputs as 0 if file is not saved.

v3.5.2 -	Fixed bug with PM code that only allowed for 10 steps before having 
		issues with the step ramp due to a mismatch in number of samples.
		Also adjusted file saving vi to add a column for the sample numbers
		to match what data crunching code requires.

v3.5.3 - 	fixed number of save files and save file reset issues.

v3.5.4 -	included option to change PM ramp from square to triangle
		corrected a typo

v3.5.5 - 	Added alpha value analysis in the form of a sine wave (phase = 0)
		PM function. Changed PM compression length to PM amplitude for clarity.

v3.6.0 -	Addition of automatic sharpening ramp with different height and time.
		conducts sharpening ramp for 1 in every x number of ramps selected.
		this required extra addition of a case structure in ramp cases and duplication
		of ramp task definiton (if the system become less efficient this is why)

v3.6.1 - 	Clean up of sharpening case/controller loop in general.

v3.7.0 -	Modified the write daqmx to take waveform input and changed ramp conversion
		VI to convert Z and Bias arrays into an array of waveforms to improve precision.

v3.8.0 -	Added the reverse polarity IV to look at histereses in the curves. Useful for Redox
		junctions etc.

v3.9.0 -	Added CV - 2 terminal to the list of advanced ramp features. This runs a CV style
		voltage sweep across the bias, useful for monitoring hysteresis.

v3.9.1 -	Fixed dependency issues for SUBvi calls for Channel IO and ramps. (was calling
		v3.4.0 SUBvis).

v3.9.2 -	Added channel swap delay timer to allow hardware to clear memory before initialising
		new channel memory addresses. Hopefully should stop channel swapping. increasing wait
		time should reduce swapping frequency. default 25 ms. Added abs value to the PID Femto
		In value to avoid PID issues when running DC bias at negative polarity.

v3.9.3 - 	Temp removal of Abs(x) for DC polarity independence for now until understand PID jumping
		as its possible this I contributing but requires investigation.

v4.0.0 -	Change from simple Producer/Consumer to Producer/2Consumer architecture. Using hardware
		memory buffer to increase sampling rate to arbitrary speeds. GUI always runs at 20kHz or
		lower to reduce computational overhead. Femto DLPCA-200 TIA now controlled remotely via
		software interface. Always defaults to 1E6 upon restart of VI. 

v4.0.1 -	Bug fix of 21.5x multiplier for piezo conversion from internal amplification. Reinsertion
		of abs(x) for the input of the PID to ensure bipolar DC bias. 

v4.0.2 -	Fix 2CV advanced bias ramp to remove discontinuities by shifting ramp left or right by phase degrees.

v4.1.0 -	Addition of Pre/Post Pulse IVs advanced experiment. still work in progress as it only works when the 
		ramp length-4*hold lengths is divisible by 3. will have to come up with a fix but should work in
		certain cases
	